README.md, before:

# System Rules

[![Build Status Linux](https://travis-ci.org/stefanbirkner/system-rules.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/stefanbirkner/system-rules) [![Build Status Windows](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/vr0c93rssc6mhetl/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/stefanbirkner/system-rules)

System Rules is a collection of JUnit rules for testing code which uses
`java.lang.System`.


## Installation

System Rules is available from
[Maven Central](http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Cg%3A%22com.github.stefanbirkner%22%20AND%20a%3A%22system-rules%22).

    <dependency>
      <groupId>com.github.stefanbirkner</groupId>
      <artifactId>system-rules</artifactId>
      <version>1.19.0</version>
    </dependency>

Please don't forget to add the scope `test` if you're using System
Rules for tests only.


## Usage

System Rules' documentation is stored in the `gh-pages` branch and is
available online at
http://stefanbirkner.github.io/system-rules/index.html


## Contributing

You have three options if you have a feature request, found a bug or
simply have a question about System Rules.

* [Write an issue.](https://github.com/stefanbirkner/system-rules/issues/new)
* Create a pull request. (See [Understanding the GitHub Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html))
* [Write a mail to mail@stefan-birkner.de](mailto:mail@stefan-birkner.de)


## Development Guide

System Rules is build with [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/). If you
want to contribute code than

* Please write a test for your change.
* Ensure that you didn't break the build by running `mvnw test`.
* Fork the repo and create a pull request. (See [Understanding the GitHub Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html))

The basic coding style is described in the
[EditorConfig](http://editorconfig.org/) file `.editorconfig`.

System Rules supports [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/) (Linux) and
[AppVeyor](http://www.appveyor.com/) (Windows) for continuous
integration. Your pull request will be automatically build by both CI
servers. On Travis CI we build your pull request with OpenJDK 6 and run test
with different JDKs (Java 6 to 10).


## Release Guide

* Select a new version according to the
  [Semantic Versioning 2.0.0 Standard](http://semver.org/).
* Set the new version in `pom.xml` and in the `Installation` section of
  this readme.
* Commit the modified `pom.xml` and `README.md`.
* Run `mvnw clean deploy` with JDK 6 or 7.
* Add a tag for the release: `git tag system-rules-X.X.X`

Commit message:

Add link to System Lambda to Readme
Make people aware of this alternative. It is very helpful for developers
that use JUnit Jupiter of TestNG because they cannot use System Rules.

README.md, after:

# System Rules

[![Build Status Linux](https://travis-ci.org/stefanbirkner/system-rules.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/stefanbirkner/system-rules) [![Build Status Windows](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/vr0c93rssc6mhetl/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/stefanbirkner/system-rules)

System Rules is a collection of JUnit rules for testing code which uses
`java.lang.System`.

[System Lambda](https://github.com/stefanbirkner/system-lambda) is an
alternative to System Rules that leverages the possibilities of Java 8. It is
independent of the test framework. You can use it for example as a replacement
for System Rules in [JUnit Jupiter](https://junit.org/junit5/) and
[TestNG](https://testng.org/doc/index.html).


## Installation

System Rules is available from
[Maven Central](http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Cg%3A%22com.github.stefanbirkner%22%20AND%20a%3A%22system-rules%22).

    <dependency>
      <groupId>com.github.stefanbirkner</groupId>
      <artifactId>system-rules</artifactId>
      <version>1.19.0</version>
    </dependency>

Please don't forget to add the scope `test` if you're using System
Rules for tests only.


## Usage

System Rules' documentation is stored in the `gh-pages` branch and is
available online at
http://stefanbirkner.github.io/system-rules/index.html


## Contributing

You have three options if you have a feature request, found a bug or
simply have a question about System Rules.

* [Write an issue.](https://github.com/stefanbirkner/system-rules/issues/new)
* Create a pull request. (See [Understanding the GitHub Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html))
* [Write a mail to mail@stefan-birkner.de](mailto:mail@stefan-birkner.de)


## Development Guide

System Rules is build with [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/). If you
want to contribute code than

* Please write a test for your change.
* Ensure that you didn't break the build by running `mvnw test`.
* Fork the repo and create a pull request. (See [Understanding the GitHub Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html))

The basic coding style is described in the
[EditorConfig](http://editorconfig.org/) file `.editorconfig`.

System Rules supports [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/) (Linux) and
[AppVeyor](http://www.appveyor.com/) (Windows) for continuous
integration. Your pull request will be automatically build by both CI
servers. On Travis CI we build your pull request with OpenJDK 6 and run test
with different JDKs (Java 6 to 10).


## Release Guide

* Select a new version according to the
  [Semantic Versioning 2.0.0 Standard](http://semver.org/).
* Set the new version in `pom.xml` and in the `Installation` section of
  this readme.
* Commit the modified `pom.xml` and `README.md`.
* Run `mvnw clean deploy` with JDK 6 or 7.
* Add a tag for the release: `git tag system-rules-X.X.X`
